Add the IL bitlist to bid (#5410)
ethereum/consensus-specs: specs/heze/inclusion-list.md

) -> Bitvector[INCLUSION_LIST_COMMITTEE_SIZE]:
    """
    Return a ``Bitvector`` over inclusion list committee indices with bits set
    for valid and non-equivocating inclusion list submissions for the given ``slot``.
    """
    committee = get_inclusion_list_committee(state, slot)
    key = hash_tree_root(committee)

    inclusion_lists = store.inclusion_lists[key]
    equivocators = store.equivocators[key]
    timeliness = store.inclusion_list_timeliness

    validator_indices = [
        inclusion_lists[inclusion_list_root].validator_index
        for inclusion_list_root in inclusion_lists
        if inclusion_lists[inclusion_list_root].validator_index not in equivocators
        if not only_timely or timeliness[inclusion_list_root]
    ]

    return Bitvector[INCLUSION_LIST_COMMITTEE_SIZE](
        validator_index in validator_indices for validator_index in committee
    )
```

### New `is_inclusion_list_bits_inclusive`

```python
def is_inclusion_list_bits_inclusive(
    store: InclusionListStore,
    state: BeaconState,
    slot: Slot,
    inclusion_list_bits: Bitvector[INCLUSION_LIST_COMMITTEE_SIZE],
    only_timely: bool = True,
) -> bool:

>     """
>     Return ``True`` if and only if ``inclusion_list_bits`` is a superset of
>     the locally observed inclusion list bits for the given ``slot``.
>     """

Reviewer: Also, I'm not really a fan of "superset" here. I understand what you mean but it's a bit confusing.

```suggestion
    """
    Return ``True`` if and only if there is not an instance where a bit is set
    in the locally observed inclusion list bits for the given ``slot`` but not
    set in ``inclusion_list_bits``.
    """
```

Author: Changed docstrings in [2d5b036](https://github.com/ethereum/consensus-specs/pull/5410/commits/2d5b036f4b781bacad7acf74eea9889c551598f8). I wanted it to deliver what it does without being coupled with implementation.

Reviewer: Your version sounds fine too. Works for me, thanks! 😄

    local_inclusion_list_bits = get_inclusion_list_bits(store, state, slot, only_timely)

    return all(

>         inclusion_bit or not local_inclusion_bit

Reviewer: I might suggest inverting this for better readability.

* "There is not an instance where a bit is set locally but not set in the provided bits."

```suggestion
    return not any(
        local_inclusion_bit and not inclusion_bit
```

Additionally, this would allow one to short-circuit as soon as there's a disagreement.
